Hi and welcome back.
This NFP that because so we are now the last step of the intuition explanation of the transformer.
We'll just see the last details in the architecture that we will need to implement.
The first one are the feet forward layers that we can see here at the end of each and coding sub layer
and decoding sub layer.
So nothing amazing about that.
It's just a standard dense layer.
Marcus is way too dense layers that we use in order to learn more and to allow our model to learn things
by itself.
So each feet forward sub layer is made of two linear transformations so two dense layers.
This is what we can see right here.
So here there is the first linear transformation so X is the inputs of the feet forward.
We multiplied by a matrix and we are the bias.
Then these marks of zero and the result is what we call a real activation.
So at the end of a dense layer we can add a small nonlinear function and usually real you is used.
It's just a function that removes all the negative values of our dense layer.
And the result of that is used to compute the second dense layer.
So we have here a second matrix to apply.
And a second bias that we add and the output of all this will have the same shape.
So again we will have a sequence of the same length and the same embedding dimension.
So a few details.
First it says that it's applied to each position separately and identically.
What it means is that for a single sequence.
We will apply those to linear transformations to each of the elements.
So each of the words if I may say so.
It's not was as I said before because we have computed some attention mechanism to it but you get me.
So for each of the elements of the sequence we will apply this linear transformation so each elements
as a reminder is a vector of size D models so the dimension of the embedding so X right.
He represents the words and elements and we apply the same dance y as the assembly notch information
to each of the elements.
So each of the position of sequence and the second point is that this fit forward Sibila is different
for each Sibila.
So for each of the eights and causing layers of each of those eights decoding layers we apply a different
foot forward.
So actually we have eight times two.
So 16 different feet forwards the blaze that all model has to learn which makes 32 dense layers because
each feet forward sub layers is made of two dense lies.
So that's it's very simple.
At the end of each decoding or encoding sub layers we order really standouts feet forwards neural network
in order to learn more second detail is that you can see that after each sub layer that can be the attention
suddenly of the feet forward so layer you have this add a norm and this area right here.
So what it means is that the outputs of those suppliers are actually added to the inputs of the sub
layers and then we just do a standard normalization.
So there are two reasons why we do that.
The first one is that of course we have computed new things that gives us new information about all
data but we don't want to forget the way it was before.
For instance in the self attention mechanism after every composing a sentence with regards to the relations
between each woods we wants to remember at his debates how the sentence was before so it could be really
useful to add the original sentence to the output of this stuff attention symbol.
And the second reason why we do that is that it's actually a common thing to do in artificial intelligence.
This is called residual connections and it makes learning easier more precisely the back propagation
as a reminder how it works to train and you will network is that we have a look at how our outputs is
close to the targets we want to reach and according to the difference between our output and the real
targets we can know in which direction we want to change each valuable or each weights in our network
using some grazing methods but it's actually way easier to know how we need to change the weights at
the end of model that's at the very beginning if we know that's the output is different from what we
wanted to get it's easier to see how changing the last lean out layer for instance will affect the outputs
but it's way way harder to know how changing for instance the way we embeds all words are the way we
compute these attention at the very beginning will affect 0 outputs because there are a lot of mathematical
operations in the way.
So doing this residual connection makes it easier for the back propagation face to have access to the
produce steps.
So here for instance we have access to the outputs of these attentions sub layer.
So we have access to how we train those weights right.
He the all connections so we don't have to go through the whole dense layers right here in order to
have access to how this output was computed.
So that's also a good way to improve the learning phase and other elements that they mentioned in the
paper that is quite important is the drop outs.
So the drop outs is just a tool a small layer that we can add in a network that will shut down some
units.
So by shutting down.
I mean that's doing a training phase.
We will not use those new ones.
So those valuables waits to computes the outputs.
And of course we will not use them in the back propagation.
So we've been that's trained them.
This is something that we only apply in the training phase you know to improve the performance of our
model.
So we don't apply.
It's when we use our model after it is trained because then we want to use everything we have learned
the whole possibilities of Oh I usually we should down approximately 10 percent or 20 percent off on
humans.
And of course these are different ones of each training step.
And the idea behind that is that by turning off certain units we force or AI to have good results to
compute good outputs with a smaller part of its capacities.
And that helps him keeping some kind of a generality.
Oh I will always be able to perform well even if it can't use all its news and the consequence of that
is that it will prevents the fitting of a fitting being Oh I am getting too close to our training sets.
And so when an AI or face it means that it will perform well on a train sets.
But it would perform poorly on the training sets because it's new data that it has never seen.
So the playing your out helps keeping some kind of Virginia quality in training and in the paper to
say that they oblige you about between each sub layer and the other no buts.
So this means one drop out here another one here here here and here.
And also they apply a positional dropouts right after the positional encoding so just before entering
in those and cutting layers and decoding layers.
So we also have a job of layer that we will implement here and there.
And finally the last detail of the architecture is this simple linear function Y Hey it's just again
a simple identifier that's the odds at the end of the whole encoding and decoding phase.
It's applied independently to each elements of the sequence once again and the number of units.
So the the output dimension of this dense layer will be the book upsize of all target language for instance
right from English to French the dimension of the outputs to the number of units of all dense layer
will be the number of words that we have in our French vocabulary.
So that's after a soft Max we get actual probabilities for each word of our dictionary.
So we just for each element gets the word that has the higher probability and we gets a sequence or
a sentence that should be the output of transform.
So that's it we have been through all of the steps all the small sub layers of the transformer.
Hopefully life learning more about how it works and more especially about the attention mechanism and
now that we have the information about this model I think we are ready to start implementing it and
to build all on translator.
See you soon.